## Like mo share mo!
Reading Guide (Acts 13-14)

__S__ - _Act 13:52  And the disciples were filled with joy and with the Holy Spirit._

__T__ - When Saul became Paul he was called for the highest purpose and that is to spread the word of God even to the gentiles. We as gentiles have deep gratefulness to the Lord because his grace did not limit only to the israel but because of faith we became the offspring of Abraham.

__A__ - Since we received grace of the first discples who committed their lives just to spread the word of God. We have more tools to spread the word of God, we don't limit by our community because of the power of social media can also be spread the word of God. Spread it by sharing the word through social media let them know that you are rejoicing because you are filled with the Holy spirit. It doesnt matter what tool you are using. The Word of God and Holy spirit has same power from yesterday, today and Forever.

 - __Subscribe and hit notif bell__ - You need to be updated with the Word of God, subscribe to your devotion you will have noitifcation if you gave a quality time with God. Believe that when command moses and split the sea has the same power to command you to overcome even in social media limitations.
 - __Like__ - You are the first to like the word of God because you cannot recommend to others the things that you did not liked. The word of God is not need like it needs to be loved for it is our weapon in this corrupted world.
 - __Share__ - Share the word of God for whatever means you need to do. The God your are serving has no limittations so you need to be limitless in sharing the word of God.


__R__ - (personal commitment) 


__Random Thougths__ : 

_Act 13:44  The next Sabbath almost the whole city gathered to hear the word of the Lord._
 - You can't deny when the power of Holy spirit moved you never know almost of the whole city wants to hear the word of Lord. it was because of the preceding verse the Holy Spirit Set them apart for special mission for which God called them.
