## Salita din kase
Reading Guide (Romans 1-2)

__S__ - _Rom 2:23  You who boast in the law dishonor God by breaking the law._

__T__ - Paul teaches christians in Romans that if they should not walk like a pagan teacher who preach the law but don't honor and obey it. they break their covenant and give dishonoring to God by breaking the Law. 

__A__ - We as Modern Christians it is important that we know the law and principles of the bible. The bible advised us to not lean on our own understanding not only that we have the understanding, the word of God must live in of life we should walk on it and preach the what we are walking. People are not listening because you are not speaking.

 - __Walk your talk__ - It is important that you apply to your life whatever you want to share to other for you cannot give what you do not have.
 - __Build rapor__ To obtain credibility is not easy but it is attainable by consistency
__R__ - (personal commitment)

__Random thoughts__

_Rom 1:15  So I am eager to preach the gospel to you also who are in Rome._
 - Pwede natin masabi na yung kalagayan natin ay tulad ng kay Pablo dahil sa pandemya di tayo maka punta sa mga tao personal para mag share ng salita ng Diyos, pero hindi dapat io ang maging dahilan ng ating pag hinto sa paglilingkod. Kailan mo huling naramdaman yung gigil na mag share ng word of God? Lagi paka tatandaan na ang mga bagay na pinagkaka abalahan hindi dapat hadlang sa pag papakalat ng salita ng Diyos. 

_(Rom 1:21) For although they knew God, they did not honor him as God or give thanks to him, but they became futile in their thinking, and their foolish hearts were darkened._
 - Ingatan mo yung pagkakilala mo sa Diyos, darating ang maraming pag subok at hahantong ka sa pagkabagot na para bang walang nangyayari sa tagal mong nananalangin sa Kanya. Sana hindi ang tagal sa pagsagot ng Diyos ang dahilan kung bakit mawawala ang pagtitiwala at paggalang mo sa Kanya.


  