## Gigil mo ko e!
Rading guide (Acts 17-18)

__S__ - _Act 17:16  Now while Paul was waiting for them at Athens, his spirit was provoked within him as he saw that the city was full of idols._

__T__ - Paul was a great preacher and disciple of Jesus after his death. He deligently doing the ministry and consecrated to preach the gospel in the gentiles. Why his spirit was provoked in this chapter? because the people worship their idols. It was lead him to share the gospel more intentional and agressive.

__A__ - In modern day Christianity the idols was change into different forms as the bible says where your treasure is there will be your heart also. Where we give too much time and attention than our relationship to God could be our modern day idol. "Kagigil" those people that have many reason just because they are prioritizing their relationship with God. Some of the List of "Gigil" moments"

 - __No time (lako oras)__ - All living things have 24hours a day. I know that you can be busy in many things you've been doing but it is just a matter of prioritzing.
 - __No money (lako pera)__ - The bible says 'the love of money is the root of every evil' there are two types of person why would give them you this reason. They prioritize the worldy desire than the godly desire just for the income of money. Instead of they invest money for better future and use it for Godly manner they wasted it non-sensical things like vices.
 - __No knowledge (lako alam)__ - The people persih because of the lack of wisdom. In other area they are smart and witty but not serious in the word of God.

__R__ - the goal is _Act 17:21  Now all the Athenians and the foreigners who lived there would spend their time in nothing except telling or hearing something new._



__Random thoughts__

_Act 17:6  And when they could not find them, they dragged Jason and some of the brothers before the city authorities, shouting, “These men who have turned the world upside down have come here also_
 - Continue what you are doing for the Lord, you never know that there are people watching you and their own world being turned upside down because of your testimony about Christ. Always make an impact to others even you don't hear it from them, God still moving in the midst of unmovable situation.

_Act 17:11  Now these Jews were more noble than those in Thessalonica; they received the word with all eagerness, examining the Scriptures daily to see if these things were so._
 - If you want to deepen your relation to God, you have to deepen your knowledge about Him, not just every meeting but everyday of your life you must received the word with all eagerness, and examin it daily.

_Act 18:19  And they came to Ephesus, and he left them there, but he himself went into the synagogue and reasoned with the Jews._
 - After he got beaten on corinth, Paul just continue sharing the gospel. Yet many of the modern Christians today stopped because they think the life is beating them hardly and can't do anything about it. Remember that those people chose to put first the will of God before their own will became priority of God. 

 _Act 18:24  Now a Jew named Apollos, a native of Alexandria, came to Ephesus. He was an eloquent man, competent in the Scriptures._
  - Share the word of God boldy you never know of the people you will share will become like Apollos who has an intellect talent and share the Word of God more accurately.