## Process of becoming. . 
Reading Guide (Romans 13-14)

__S__ - _Rom 14:22  The faith that you have, keep between yourself and God. Blessed is the one who has no reason to pass judgment on himself for what he approves._

__T__ - Paul warns us not to cause stumble to our brothers, because he knows that those people who don't have deep relationship from God will misinterpret your Faith to God. Sometimes they will think that you are just bragging and worst they will think you've been crazy because of you faith. 

__A__ - Having great Faith is good but bragging it to people who didn't know Jesus or doesn't have relationship with, will just sound like a crazy person. The reason why people causing stumbling faith to other people instead of building them when they are bragging about their Faith? because of personality, credibility and integrity. You will not convince people to Love God if you yourself don't love God, you cannot convince them to wait patiently if you are impatient. Be an example, be a path creator, be the Leader you want people to be.

__R__




__Random thoughts__

_Rom 13:12  The night is far gone; the day is at hand. So then let us cast off the works of darkness and put on the armor of light._
- Tapos na ang madilim na nakaraan, maaari mo na yakapin ang kasalukuyan at patuloy na umasa sa bukas na darating. Gawin mong sandata ang mga naranasan, ipagmalaki na ang laban ay napag tagumpayan, isuot ang iyong baluti na tataklob sa iyong katawan, pilat ng nakaaran upang makita saiyo ay HESUS na pang kasalukuyan at may hawak ng iyongn kinabukasan.

_Rom 14:21  It is good not to eat meat or drink wine or do anything that causes your brother to stumble._
 - You can do wahatever you want as long as your are ng causing other to stumble in their faith. This is the very reason we need to live in Chirst-likness so people will not see our old nature but of nature of Christ who lives in us.