## __Random Thoughts__ to many to mention.
Reading guide (Romans 7-8)

_Rom 8:1  There is therefore now no condemnation for those who are in Christ Jesus._
 - Hindi lisensya sa pag gawa ng kasalanan ang hindi magkondena sa'yo ng Diyos. Ito dapat ang inspirasyon kung bakit mas magiging mabuti kang tao.

_Rom 8:8  Those who are in the flesh cannot please God._
 - Paul did explaining on the preceding verse that is the "mind" that is set on the flesh is hostile to God. That's it, our mind is very powerful it should be focus on the things that matters to God. How can we do that? by renewing our mind and set our mind to the Spirit of God for it gives us life and peace.

_Rom 8:26  Likewise the Spirit helps us in our weakness. For we do not know what to pray for as we ought, but the Spirit himself intercedes for us with groanings too deep for words. And he who searches hearts knows what is the mind of the Spirit, because the Spirit intercedes for the saints according to the will of God._
- May mga pag kakataon na kailangan mong manahimik, umupo at hayaan ang espiritu na nasaiyo ang mag salita sa Diyos na hindi nakikita. Mas alam ng espirit ang kalooban ng Diyos, kaya minsan hindi mo mahanap ang kalooban ng sa kadahilanang puro ka kase salita ayaw mong makinig!

_Rom 8:30  And those whom he predestined he also called, and those whom he called he also justified, and those whom he justified he also glorified._
 - Nasa isip kana ng Diyos mula pa noon una at bago ka pa man tawagi nya, tinawag ka nya hindi lang dahil gusto nyang mapansin mo sya bagkus gusto nyang mapawalang sala ka. at nang mapawalang sala ka, pinaging banal ka nya upang maka lakad ka sa tuwiran at kalooban nya. Ito ang kompletong paglilitas sa iyo ng Diyos.