## Hindi lang para sayo!
Reading Guide (Romans 3-4)

__S__ - _Rom 4:23  But the words “it was counted to him” were not written for his sake alone,_

__T__ - Ambraham became the father of all nations because of his unwavering faith to the pormise of God. He is the only person went to the right process of becoming God wants him to be, for the Lord did not allow that his plan will be stopped when Terah settle on the land which he thinks was good enough, but Abram obeyed God relentslessly even in the impossible reality he had when he received the promise that he will be the Father of all nation. 

__A__ - Faith is the only thing that connects us to Abramaham. God extends his grace to us to become the offspring of Abraham and as Abraham sets an example on how we should walk by Faith and not by sight. Abraham became righteous because of his faith and it is not easy the process he went through before he received the promise of God. Righteousness is making the right decision despite of the impossible situation. What is process he went through?

 - __Received the Sign__ - (Rom 4:1) He received the sign of circumcision as a seal of the righteousness. . . We already knew the sign of the circumcision in our modern time and that is a circumcision of a heart which is true repentance. Deciding to turn away fromm our old nature to embrace the nature of God.
 - __Received the Promise__ - (Rom 4:13) This is most exciting of the process when we received the promise it gives us diffirent level of Joy, because who we are to be promised by the God of all creation. We are gratefully received it.
 - __Received the testing__ - (Rom 4:19) The stage of process we want finish quickly because sometimes in the midst testing it seems ilogical, impractical, and unnormal. Testing will defined our character on how we look to God using our faith and not our reality.
 - __Received the blessing__ (Rom 4:23) The reward of this process will not be stopped in us but it will serve as a channel for more people to received also the SIGN, PROMISE and TESTING so we all can live the in the righteousness that God sets for us.

__R__ - We are counted as righteous because our faith and not just for our sake alone but for the sake of peopl around us. For us to be a living testimony as righteous people of God.


__Random thoughts__

_Rom 3:23  for all have sinned and fall short of the glory of God,_
 - They way we measure the goodness of people is only based on the human thoughts that's why there is no standardd when it comes to being good. It became subjective by standing on what you "think" is right and not based what God "thinks" what is right. Our standard is not standard of God, we should distinguish if our way righteousness is based on His principles. We can choose preference on how we apply it but the standard of God is constant, absolute that we can only live in His expection because of the blood of Jesus that redeemed us, by His grace as gift.