## Plan, Aplly & Maintain
Reading guide (1 Corinthians 9-10)

__S__ - _(1Co 9:26)  So I do not run aimlessly; I do not box as one beating the air. But I discipline my body and keep it under control, lest after preaching to others I myself should be disqualified._

__T__ - Paul urges Corinth to give all they have got to be disciple of God, not hindered by any distraction they could encounter. They want to focus their serving on one thing and that is to win soul back to Christ.

__A__ - In the past many times I have said that I will complete my disciple, every year from the moment I received vision to win soul till I failed and leave the church my mind was so contained that I need to complete my disciple. This is a personal commitment to Lord that I have made with covenant. Now that I got back from being a backslider I got reminded from this verse that in the past I do not walk in faith aimlessly, I have many goals to acheive and it is exhausting whenever you don't see the result of your reffort. Still I need to move forward. Three things that I want to do in order to achieve all of my goals.

 - __Have a clear Goal__ - "So I do not run AIMLESSLY", sometimes you got exhausted felt burden because you do not have a clear goal in mind. I feel exhausted, find rest in the presence of God. If your mind is exhausted find companion to share all your worries.

 - __Have a clear Skill__ - "I do not box as one BEATING the air". You need to gather all knowledge needed to acquire some skills and the skills that you do not use got rusts. So always use the skills, talent and potential that God gave so you can beat anything that comes in your way.

 - __Have a clear Mind__ - "I discipline my body and keep it under control". Discipline is the hardest part of being servant of God. I don't have a sober mind every time that you serve in the kingdom of God, you will be do mistakes over mistakes. It takes a lot of effort to have a discipline and takes a lot of sacrifices along the way. 

__R__ - (personal prayer and commitment)