# Faith Influencer
### Reading Guide (Philemon 1)

__S__ - _Philemon 1:6 "and I pray that the sharing of your faith may become effective for the full knowledge of every good thing that is in us for the sake of Christ."_

__T__ - Paul writing to Philemon requesting to accept back Onesimus to his former owner. Onesimus had been a runaway slave and since Philemon also a brother in christ he pledge him to accept again Onesimus not just for being a slave but for being brother in Christ as they are now in one accord because of Faith. 

__A__ - If your Faith cannot influence the people around you there is something on you not in your Faith. Remember that people around will first accept you not because of how much you know but of how much you care.
        What does faith do to you if it cannot manifest into your life. How does your Faith can become effective for full knowledge of every good thing that is in us for the sake of Christ?
    
 __Walk the talk__ - If you declare that you are now a "Christian" Show in action not in words.

 __Care to Care__ - Care to care not Care to share. You are showing people the love of God not because you want a story someday but because God shows you how to love unconditional.

__R__ - I may not be an influencer on my Faith yet. my prayer is to be more genuine on the faith that I am walking with.




__Random Thoughts__
_"Phm 1:11  (Formerly he was useless to you, but now he is indeed useful to you and to me.)"_
 - There are people who will not recognize your worth and will not see the value of your life. Do not change how God looks at you just because people look down on you. You are worth dying for.