## Don't circumvent the Process

__S__ - _Mark 8:24  And he looked up and said, “I see people, but they look like trees, walking.”_

__T__ - Jesus can restore vision of blind man. Youw will notice that this is not instantly happened there is a process on this restoration. first He had spit on his eyes and laid his hands on him, second he asked the man if he see anything since he did not see clearly, Jesus laid his hands again and the vision restored and saw everything clearly

__A__ - How many times did you ask to God that you want to have a Vision? I know that you are not blimd physically. The Vision you are asking maybe a personal dream, vision for soul, or anything that you want to see clearly. 
How are you in the process of gaining the vision? are you patiently waiting for God to do his process or you just asked him then as human that is impatient you are questioning God about it especially if you are asking for it way back years ago. Still you don't want a half vision as the blind man saw in the verse he did see people but in his sight they look likes trees walking, of course you want a vision that is crystal clear, then go to the process.

What's the process? well it depends on what is your goal of having a vision. 
let's just focus on the process that Jesus made in restoration of a blind man.

1. __He spit on his eyes__ - the process that you want to go thourgh but it is needed, you may think all things that you are avoiding.
2. __He laid his hands__ - see in random toughts the special touch of God.
3. __He asked man__ - you will continue to question if you already seeing the vision and you still not seeing it clearly it will repeat the process on special touch of God.
4. __He opened his eyes__ - this is the most desiring, you want God to open your eyes.


__R__ - I wanna be the person who are enjoying the process of restoration and not just enduring, I know that it is not easy to be in the process and most of the time I just enduring it not enjoying. I also want to take it thoroughly and not circumventing it or taking a short way because I'm having difficulty on the process.

==================

__Random Thoughts__

_Mar 7:28  But she answered him, “Yes, Lord; yet even the dogs under the table eat the children's crumbs.”_

- It is more important to utter in your lips the power of God through faith than to utter your short comings before him. You may see all of your limitations but what is more important to God is accept that limitations and cast all your cares upon Him so He may work in your life, still your Faith is the key.

_Mar 7:33-34  And taking him aside from the crowd privately, he put his fingers into his ears, and after spitting touched his tongue. And looking up to heaven, he sighed and said to him, “Ephphatha,” that is, “Be opened.”_

- The prayer that is too long to be answered may have a special touch from God. As you can on this verse most of the miracle from God he just utter the word and the sick, spirit will be gone. but on this case he needed to make a special touch on the deaf man, sigh and said the word that will healed Him.
- If you think you are praying for too long on something that you have in your heart and confirms that it came from God then maybe He is taking a special on that prayer, patiently wait for it and it will surely come.