## Pag break mo na, Kagatin mo!


__S__ - _Mar 6:31  And he said to them, “Come away by yourselves to a desolate place and rest a while.” For many were coming and going, and they had no leisure even to eat._

__T__ - What amazes me about God is when he gave an instruction he is also looking for the greatest mission that even yourself would be amaze. His instruction on the verse is to rest for a while. if I am one of the disciple at that time it would be pleasure to take a rest since we taught people about the word of God and healed who are sick.
but the "rest break" that enjoyed by the discpiples was a preparaiton for the greater task. how can I say? because in verse 
_Mar 6:41  And taking the five loaves and the two fish, he looked up to heaven and said a blessing and broke the loaves and gave them to the disciples to set before the people. And he divided the two fish among them all._ this is the greater task I am talking to. It is not easy to feed five thousand people but it gave them knowledge and wisdom on how they will distrubute the food.

__A__ - Life is so full of suprises today you would resting but tomorrow you don't know if have a five thousand people to feed. Preparation is the key if you want pull up the task that was given to you. 

It is important while in your idle time or you have given to take break in whatever you are doing. Use it well, rest well and if you think that you've already rested and have an energy to do something again but don't have task from God yet then use your idle time preparing yourself for the greater task that you may encounter.

preparing yourself means improving yourself. I got it from the book of "The Power of Your Potential How to Break Through Your Limits by John C. Maxwell" you have to unlock the potential in you. focus on strengths but dont neglect on your weakness. You as human have a lot of potential as per John Maxwell's book.

Area of potential:

1. Engergy Potential
2. Emotional Potential
3. Thinking Potential
4. People Potential
5. Creative Potential
6. Production Potential
7. Leadership Potential

while you have a lot of idle time make sure you improve little by little in any areas of potential you have.

__R__ - I wanna have heart that is consistent in looking for myself to improve. If I will look at my current ability and I were given the task that is too great for my ability I dont think I pull through on the task and that is the reason why I need to improve everyday and beat over myself for being better than yesterday.




===========================================================



__Random thoughts__

_Mar 6:2  And on the Sabbath he began to teach in the synagogue, and many who heard him were astonished, saying, “Where did this man get these things? What is the wisdom given to him? How are such mighty works done by his hands?_

- Always asked for the anointing from the Holy spirit so every time you speak other people they will be asking to themselves where did get such wisdom.

- Anointhing is already inside of you since you are the temple of the Holy spirit. This is one of the many reason you need to partner with the Holy spirit so that the anointing that coming the Holy spirit will manifest to  you life.

_Mar 6:26  And the king was exceedingly sorry, but because of his oaths and his guests he did not want to break his word to her._

- If you will have an authority to make a great decision in your life you have to pray for it earnestly so won't regret the time you made a decision for it. We are told many times by Pastor and leaders that always ask for the will of God. this verse is good example of rash decision could lead to greatest regret.


__-jmfborje__