## Ha? Hanapin mo kalooban ng Diyos.

__S__ - _Mark 10:21  And Jesus, looking at him, loved him, and said to him, “You lack one thing: go, sell all that you have and give to the poor, and you will have treasure in heaven; and come, follow me.”_

__T__ - A rich man think because he is doing all the commandments in the the law moses he could enter the kingdom of God. He was rebuked big time in this passage and the result was his turning back from the Lord and walked away.

__A__ - In modern day Christianity Jesus is rebuking us through the people who are accountable for our life, they are our pastors, leaders, parents or friends that you are closed with. as the bible says 'Open rebuke is better than secret love.'
- Also in modern Christianity we are not mandate to sell all our belongings just to follow Christ, there is only thing God expecting from us and that is our Commitment. we don't need to sell anything but we need to surrender the things we value as possesion more than we value our commitment to Christ.

__R__ - I wanna have a heart that is not just committed but also open for rebuke from the people have an accountability in my life. It is not easy as I think I could accept the rebuking most especially if that rebuking touches my ego, emotions and pride. These are the things that hindering me from growing from rebuking. Let always be the will of God prevails.

=====================================

__Random thoughts__

_Mark 9:24  "Immediately the father of the child cried out and said, 'I believe; help my unbelief!' "_
- The belief system of the person could shake due multiple reasons, it could be from failure in the past or fear of the future. Who knows what is the thing that could shake your belief system. The good news is you have someone to put your belief in and will not fail you, that is your belief in Christ.

_Mar 10:6  But from the beginning of creation, ‘God made them male and female.’_
- every time you think you have lost your track because of the uncertainties you experience. Jesus will always remind you to go back to the beginning
- if things did not come out right according to your plan, look at the beginning of that plan you might missed something. the beginning is important as the result. maybe that is one of the reason our faith begins with Jesus and ends with him also.