## Stronger with the Truth

__S__ - _Joh 17:17  Sanctify them in the truth; your word is truth._

__T__ - Jesus prayer to the father for us to be sanctify in the truth because he knows the we may be deceived by this world and do not be mistaken because we are living in the corrupted world.

__A__ - Our responsiblity is to continue seeking the Word of God so He may be reveal to us the secret of this world. If there are times in your devotion it does not make sense what you are reading and that is normal we will not comprehend the word of God without the help of the Holy Spirit in our Life. What are the things you need to do in order for you to be stronger with the TRUTH?

 - __Trust the Process__ - The rhema word from God is not instant there's a proccess you need to patience if you want to get it.
 - __Rush Not__ - If in your first read you got nothing from the Lord? do not rush wait patiently fro the Lord.
 - __Understand Deeper__ - The bible has timeless truth you don't need to think outside of the box if you want to understand deeper what the word says. read books that will explain it you further more.
 - __Tenacity Required__ - You need to be tenacious in seeking the truth for the it is the way of God for you to be sacntify.
 - __Honor the Word__ - if you find a rhema word from God honor it make sure you will apply it in your life

__R__ - (personal prayer)


__Random thoughts__

_Joh 17:4  I glorified you on earth, having accomplished the work that you gave me to do._
 - Ang sikreto para hindi ka ma frustrate sa ginagawa mong pag lilingkod sa Diyos ay dapat laging naka tuon sa kanya ang iyong paningin sya ang iyong dapat lang paglingkuran hindi sinomang tao sa paligid mo.

 _Joh 17:15  I do not ask that you take them out of the world, but that you keep them from the evil one._
  - hindi nakapagtataka kung bakit minsan mahirap ang mga testing sa buhay natin dahil hindi rin naman biro ang kalaban natin. Huwag ka na mangamba maging si Hesus ay naipanalangin na ito ang kailangan mo nalang gawin ay panampalayaan ito.