## Satisfy your Hunger before Cravings

__S__ - _Joh 6:35  Jesus said to them, “I am the bread of life; whoever comes to me shall not hunger, and whoever believes in me shall never thirst._

__T__ - We know that Jesus the true bread of life for he is the source of strength in order for us to keep moving on our race towards holiness. he is greater than bottomless well and greater that unlimited buffet for what he gives is life.

__A__ - Have you heard the hear say "Satisfy your hunger before your cravings?". Think about it why does peopl fill their cravings but not satified instead they look for another craving target
 - __Hunger first__ - If you cannot feel hungry on the bread of Jesus check the source. you relate also thess to all of your needs coz God is all need to be satisfy in this life.
 - __Cravings then__ - you can relate this to all your wants in life, you can think all of your "personal" wants in life. as long as it is within the will of God he can give it to you.

__R__ - . . .(personal prayer)



__Random Thoughts__
_Joh 5:39  You search the Scriptures because you think that in them you have eternal life; and it is they that bear witness about me, yet you refuse to come to me that you may have life._
 - anong silbi ng sandamakmak na kaalaman mo sa bibliya kung hindi mo naman kilala ang manililikha, wala kang relasyon at higit sa lahat hindi ang kalooban nya ang iyong gabay. Mas matimbang sa Diyos ang laman ng puso kay'sa laman ng pag iisip.

 _Joh 6:5  Lifting up his eyes, then, and seeing that a large crowd was coming toward him, Jesus said to Philip, “Where are we to buy bread, so that these people may eat?”_
  - Be attentive of the question in your inner voice if you have a strong relationship with God most of the time the question within is the testing of obedient from God. 