## What is your grind?

__S__ - _Luk 7:8  For I too am a man set under authority, with soldiers under me: and I say to one, ‘Go,’ and he goes; and to another, ‘Come,’ and he comes; and to my servant, ‘Do this,’ and he does it.”_

__T__ - Jesus amazed by the faith of the Centurion and I am sure all of the people that also amaze how a soldier expressed his faith in front of Jesus and that's leave me a question. How can a soldier that is no knowledge about Jesus acquired huge faith like that. it is not a simple expression of oneself because that faith moved Jesus into making a miracle.

__A__ - How does a soldier acquired his huge faith? The trained on the different level unlike a normal people.

 - He learned to recognize authority - I have read a little about the soldier conduct but one thing is clear to me that if they are ordered to do something no matter what the situation they need to obey it beyond on any rational reason, It is an order its an order.
     - I think that would be the reason many of a normal people lack in faith we cant recognize easily the authority.

 - it is not easy to express one faith because it could be a battle of integrity, principles and core values. If you are weak on particular area it may affect the expressing oneself.
 - embrace your grind. People have different area to excel but one is common to the successful people who excel in their craft. They embraced their grind as if they are breathing and living for it.
 
 
__R__ - ... Look for your grind and embrace it




__Random Thoughts__

_Luk 7:34  The Son of Man has come eating and drinking, and you say, ‘Look at him! A glutton and a drunkard, a friend of tax collectors and sinners!’_
- When people do not share the same faith with you, all of your works has always a negative comment from them. Stand with your faith and integrity with Christ.


_Luk 7:47  Therefore I tell you, her sins, which are many, are forgiven—for she loved much. But he who is forgiven little, loves little.”_ 
- Out of abundance of Grace, abundance of gratitude will come out.


_Luk 8:10  he said, “To you it has been given to know the secrets of the kingdom of God, but for others they are in parables, so that ‘seeing they may not see, and hearing they may not understand.’_
- Whenever you don't understand what is happening in your life go to the one who can explain it to you. Sometimes our life becomes a parable need jesus to explain it to us. You may not get an answer to every question but you have Jesus in every situation.

_Luk 8:37  Then all the people of the surrounding country of the Gerasenes asked him to depart from them, for they were seized with great fear. So he got into the boat and returned._
- There will be a time that even yourself could not believe what God done for you and left you stunned in amazement.