## wwww.process.com/saving-grace
reading Guide (Acts 11-12)

__S__ - _Act 12:11  When Peter came to himself, he said, “Now I am sure that the Lord has sent his angel and rescued me from the hand of Herod and from all that the Jewish people were expecting.”_

__T__ - One of the amzing things that God did on Peter's life not only when he walked on water but also this event where God saved him in the most unbeliegving way of saving grace. God demontstrate the power of church's prayer as well as his extra ordinary way of doing things beyond our comprehension.

__A__ - In every work of the Lord I have observe that he always demonstrate the process of saving the person, regardless from what condition you want to saved I have notice that it will be the same process until you will reliaze like how Peter said "Now I am sure that the Lord has sent his angel and rescued me". That is the purpose of saving grace, for you to be sure that it is not your might nor your power buy by the spirit of the Lord you were saved not just enternal but also here in temporal. Every situation God's soverignety is available. The process of Saving Grace.

  - __Wake up call__ - "Get up quickly" (Acts 12:7). Unless you woke up from your current situation God cannot delivered His message to you. You need to be awake and aware of your current situation.
  - __Wrap your cloak__ - “Wrap your cloak around you..” (Acts 12:8). Wrap yourself in the protection of God. Lean not on your own but give yourself a room for Holy spirit to move. He is your protection and when wrap yourself with Spirit it also covers your old nature so people will see that God is with you.
  - __Walk through it__ - "... and follow me." (Acts 12:8). After you wrap yourself with the spirit, next is allow yourself to walk through the process. God will not leave you unless you stop following him, in the process you may feel exhaustion but as long as you are following the direction of the Holy spirit you will get through it.
  - __Worship Him__ - "Now I am sure that the Lord has sent his angel and rescued me..." (Acts 12:11). Your victory is for His glory! People will see how good your God in your life and they will worship God whom you serve because you will be the living testimony of God's power.

__R__ - (personal prayer)


__random thoughts__ :

_Act 11:24  for he was a good man, full of the Holy Spirit and of faith. And a great many people were added to the Lord._
 - pillin mong mas mapuno ng espiritu at pananampalataya kaysa mapuno ng kahit anong talento. Ikaw mismo mag sasabi na hindi sa lakas or galing kundi sa banal na espiritu ng Diyos na saiyo. (Zech 4:6)

 _Act 12:5  So Peter was kept in prison, but earnest prayer for him was made to God by the church._
  - You are not alone in the battle of life's testing, Yes you are a frontliner and could have accept the direct hit from the trial but always remember that there are people behind you praying for you to win the battle. There utmost prayer could be your greatest Victory, do not underestimate the power of prayer.