## My Imperfection has a Perfect Grace


__S__ - _Mar 13:24  “But in those days, after that tribulation, the sun will be darkened, and the moon will not give its light, and the stars will be falling from heaven, and the powers in the heavens will be shaken And then they will see the Son of Man coming in clouds with great power and glory. And then he will send out the angels and gather his elect from the four winds, from the ends of the earth to the ends of heaven._

_Mar 13:31  Heaven and earth will pass away, but my words will not pass away._

__T__ - Jesus is pertaining on the second coming that everythin on this earth will pass away but his words will not pass and if you will focus on the literal understanding on the verse the end of time is too much to handle if you would imagine on what will happen. There is assurance on the verse we will see Jesus with great power and glory and for us who is Christians this is rewarding.

__A__ - I don't want to talked about the second coming sicne I am not an expert on the interpretation of the bible. I will let that topic to the scholars, theologian and hermenioticians?. There is something I want to talked about this verse that can be apply to my everyday battle of being Chirstian.

- _The Sun and Moon will fail its purpose_ - Our life being a child of God is a marathon not a sprint we don't need to this fast as we can but we need to follow our face so we can run to the finish line. There are times that our days and nights seems endless battle of anxiety, self motivation, financial struggle etc. Sometimes we felt that we are just exiting and not living and I will tell you this is normal this is reality that we need to face.

- _Star will fall from heaven_ - In our fictional mind the star giving us hopes like whenever we see a shootinf or falling star we make a wish and in fictional mind it gave us hope. I know that we don't need to wish on the start since we are children of the creator instead of wishin on the start we need to ask for the creator directly. 

-__*Jesus is great power and glory*__ - In all of uncretainties that we face in everyday battle of our walk towards righteousness and holiness. Jesus is only certain that no matter what happens in life, you may look like failure in this life because you are not financially wealthy,  product of a broken family, you have done great sin against God. All of that will not matter to Jesus; for He loved you sin in the midst of your mess and nothing you have done could make him love you less.

__R__ - I pray that I may always enjoy the walk of being Christian, and may God give me always the strength to carry my cross in a daily life. I wanna be the person who always leaning on God for I know that his grace is sufficient for me and his power is made perfect in my weaknesses (2 Cor 12:9)


__Random Thoughts__

_Mar 14:6  But Jesus said, “Leave her alone. Why do you trouble her? She has done a beautiful thing to me._
- People will not fully understand what you are doing for the sake of following christ but do not be weary Christ appreciated it, and whatever you for His name will not be in vain; it is beautiful thing to do for Christ.

_Mar 14:72  And immediately the rooster crowed a second time. And Peter remembered how Jesus had said to him, “Before the rooster crows twice, you will deny me three times.” And he broke down and wept._

- Sometimes we are remembering what god after we commit on sin and then we felt condemnation that satan charging againts us. This is one of the reason why Jesus encourage us to pray and watch for the spirit is willing but the flesh is weak. 