## tulong tayo? gusto mo?

__S__ - _Luk 6:42  How can you say to your brother, ‘Brother, let me take out the speck that is in your eye,’ when you yourself do not see the log that is in your own eye? You hypocrite, first take the log out of your own eye, and then you will see clearly to take out the speck that is in your brother's eye._

__T__ - God demonstrate to his listener how people can full of himself to the point of hypocrisy since they grew fonded of their self to the point they only see the mistake of others and trying to fixed others mistake while not seeing of thei own shorcomings.

__A__ - Get too busy improving yourself so you will not have time to criticize others. Do not get me wrong consturctive criticism is good but what is good to do with you when the person you are saying that to do not have relations with you. What right do have to criticize others? is it coming from conviction? is it coming from the word of God?
- it is good to help others with their difficulty but you as human have limitations do not randomly offer help to the person not asking for your help. In the end youself will be blamed when something got wrong.


__R__ - ...



__Random Thoughts__

_Luk 5:12  While he was in one of the cities, there came a man full of leprosy. And when he saw Jesus, he fell on his face and begged him, “Lord, if you will, you can make me clean.”_

- This is powerful statement of Faith. When you pray always state the will of God for it is better to have your prayer granted inside the will of God rather than answered apart from God.
- God is expecting from us to state of what he can do rather praying for what we can do.