## 153 then 143!

__S__ - _Joh 21:11  So Simon Peter went aboard and hauled the net ashore, full of large fish, 153 of them. And although there were so many, the net was not torn._

__T__ - When Jesus resurect from the dead he reaveled himself to his discples and even the disciple did not dare to ask him they do know that He himself was the Jesus they knew. They don't bother to be submitted to whatever he ask while they are busy in their personal life.

__A__ - I do not want to intend to offend those people who are busy minding their own life, their own dream to pursue even their own lovellfie to focus on, but who are not busy with their own problems and circumstances we all do have experienced same storm even we are not in the same boat. how wil you obey to God if you are too busy with your own life. The number 153 has no signficance in whatever you are doing it just the number of fish caught by the fishermen, but I want to emphize even they are busy with their own life (fishermen) they do obey Jesus in commanding them to cast the net on the sea.

 - _153 then 143_ - 143 could be translate as I love you or I hate you. Now I will ask you how do you feel whenever God asked something out from you? do you love him more? or do you hate him more.

__R__ - (personal pledge to God)


__Random thoughts__

_Joh 21:11  So Simon Peter went aboard and hauled the net ashore, full of large fish, 153 of them. And although there were so many, the net was not torn._

 - bakit hindi makilala ng mga disipolo si Hesus kahit na noong bago sya mamatay sa krus ay araw araw nila itong kasama? marahil sa kadahilanang alam nilang lahat na namatay sa krus si Hesus at kung makaka kita sila ng ka-mukha nya ay nakapagtataka talaga. Minsan ang diyos gusto tayong ilagay sa sitwasyon na akala natin ay normal lang ngunit hindi natin alam andyan na sya at may ginagawang supernatural sa paligid natin.