## ...


__S__ - _Luk 1:22  And when he came out, he was unable to speak to them, and they realized that he had seen a vision in the temple. And he kept making signs to them and remained mute._

__T__ - Zechariah's mute was because of the preceding verse I will think of this as God showing authority over his mouth, God limit his Mouth so he will not utter the negativity over his Life. Just think of it as disabled saving grace.

__A__ - There are too many things I want to have in my life and it is various of needs and wants. Most of the time because of the human nature I am being Impatient to the things I do not yet tangibly and there was a time that if I already got what I wanted before ending up disappointed due did not hit my expectation for the things I have prayed for and that's the lesson that I have learned in a hard way.

When you pray for Something:
- __*Manage your Expectaiton*__ - Most of the time when you pray to God it is normal to expect something big because you knew that you have Huge God that is why you have a huge expectation in prayer or even in your imagination. Claiming that if can think or imagine the things that you prayed for, God will exceed on those thinks because He is able to do  immeasurably more than all we ask or imagine.(see Ephisians 3:30). lest it is bound of his power that is work within us. Now what is important? the answered prayed that exceed your imagination and left you mesmerized or the answered prayer that is according to the will of God?

- __*Manage your emotion*__ - We all know that God has an answer for all of your concerns and it could YES, NO and WAIT. Now in those seasons of God answered there is a right emotion that you need to express or embrace.

in season of YES - you need to embrace GRATEFULNESS.
in season of NO - you need to embrace ACCEPTANCE.
in season of WAIT - you need to embrace PATIANCE.

__R__ - ... 


__Random Thoughts__

_Luk 1:20  And behold, you will be silent and unable to speak until the day that these things take place, because you did not believe my words, which will be fulfilled in their time.”_

- Sometimes we are praying  for God asking that we want something big from Him, in the case of Zechariah a son. When God answered it we are the firstwho doubt it and give many valid reasoning before God. Don't let God punishes you for your unbelief to your own prayer.