## Safest Place
Reading Guide (Acts 5-6)

__S__ - _Act 5:39  but if it is of God, you will not be able to overthrow them. You might even be found opposing God!” So they took his advice,_

_Act 5:42  And every day, in the temple and from house to house, they did not cease teaching and preaching that the Christ is Jesus._

__T__ - Elders and priest tried to stop the works of the apostle by threathening them but other High priest understood the if the works of the Apostles is not from God if it is come from their own wisdom and knowledge it will not withstand  long the way; they understand the if is of God they cannot overthrow them. There is no safest place than inside the will of God.

__A__ - More often than not we are asking ourself in doing decision if is the Will of God or not. Even I myself asked it multiple times if what I am doing is the will of God or not. I am afraid that I am wasting my time, effort and energy if what I am doing is not the will of God. There are paradoxes in seeking the will of God.

 - __Your Hardship is your Strenghth__ - inside the will of God all the Hardship became your strength if you give yourself time and patience.

 - __Difficulties is your Breakthrough__ - Difficulties could lead us to give up and give in about this life but if endure while enjoying you will get your breakthrough in the end.

 - __Lonelines is your consecratation__ - Most of the battle is required by your sole decision if you fight or not, you feel that you are alone but God wants to consecrate you to teach you lean to the Power of God.

 - __Defeat is your thriump__ - Not all the battle is your goal to win, sometimes your defeat is your thriump because God is the won got glory when you are defeated.

__R__ - It is not easy to find the will of God. I wanna have the patience when things seems grumble and wreck, I want to glorfy God despite of all the may come along the way I want o be in the safest place. The will of God.


__Random Thoughts__

_Act 5:10  Immediately she fell down at his feet and breathed her last. When the young men came in they found her dead, and they carried her out and buried her beside her husband._

 - Magkakaroon ka nalang ng partner yung ikasisira mo pa. Good na maging loyal sa relasyong pero dapat laging matimbang ang Faithfulness sa diyos. 

 _Act 5:13  None of the rest dared join them, but the people held them in high esteem._

 - People may not join you in the journey because they think you are too extreme in following Christ but trust me it will build your esteem so Christ will shine upon your life.