## Awit. ako ba to?

__S__ - _Luk 18:17  Truly, I say to you, whoever does not receive the kingdom of God like a child shall not enter it.”_

__T__ - Bible clearly says that God wants a person who has a child-like faith. He does not just care because they are cute and innocent he also see them as human depending on someone they trust. Every children is full of faith on what they want that is the desire of God to see in everyone of his children

__A__ - Do not be confused when you already heard  or read in the bible that you need to be mature consume advance teaching not just a milk (1 Corinthians 3:2) like when you first accept Jesus as Lord and saviour. Is it a little be confusing at first that why Paul urged us not to stay on feeded by milk teaching only. What I need to Focus here is what are the characteristic of a Child why God pleased to have us a child-like faith

 - A Child is easy to Mold - A child does not care on complicated things they just absorve on what you input to them and whatever inputs they are trained up to, they will go there and will up not depart from it (Proverbs 22:6)
 - A Child has a Vision - Every children has a natural dream on their hearts, even sometimes they dont understand what they are dreaming of.
 - A Child has a Full trust - They trust whoever person took care fo them does not matter the way how they have raised but there is one person they trust the most.

__R__ - I wanna maintain my faith to have a child-like attutide but also to be mature on the responsibility that comes from my Faith. If you have a Huge it will required also your full response and you will not response right if you will not be mature in Christian walk.


__Random Thoughts__

_Love is the elementary duty of the follower of Christ._

_Luk 17:10  So you also, when you have done all that you were commanded, say, ‘We are unworthy servants; we have only done what was our duty.’”_
- take a lesson from a servant for they can't boast what was their duty. we are not just servant of God but we also his children but if we learn the servants heart it will be easy for us to appreciate God's love for being a child of God.