## iWitness
Reading guide (Acts 1:2)

__S__ - _Act 1:26  And they cast lots for them, and the lot fell on Matthias, and he was numbered with the eleven apostles._

__T__ - The position of apostle is not an easy task because they were full time in doing the ministry that God entrusted to them and they waited for the Holy spirit to come before they went to spread the Good news, not only the Spirit they were waited but also they make sure that the team is complete that's why they look for replacment of Judas.

__A__ - Peter said the qualification of the apostle that need to be a replacement for the vacant position, he must be there from the time Jesus got baptized by John the Baptist until Jesus was taken up from them and the primary task will be the person who will bear witness to Jesus' resurrection.
As modern Christian it is impossible to meet the standard because we are not born yet at the time. Even we did not see Jesus physically we still have the power to witness His gratefulness and power to share with other people. We can be a witness as our life is a testimony of how God transforms us from brokenness to fullness, from darkness to light.

  - __Encounter with GOd__ - Treasure your moment from the time you encounter God it will be your weapon as you witness the goodness of God.

  - __Trials in Life__ - Keep it in your heart and you will tell it to the right people when God said go. How many times God rescued you from the verge of brokenness, I know that you have a lot of stories to tell. 

__R__ - (personal prayer)


__Random thoughts__

_Act 1:7  He said to them, “It is not for you to know times or seasons that the Father has fixed by his own authority._
 - God doesn't want us to think the things we cannot control but gives us authority over what we can control by the power of the Holy Spirit that is within us.