## He Knows it well.
Reading guide(Luke 21-22)

__S__ - _Luk 22:12  And he will show you a large upper room furnished; prepare it there.”_

__T__ - God knows where to have a last suffer even on the small detail he has an answers, even to the person that disciples talked to ask for place he already touch the heart. How will you stay on worries if you know that God holds your future, he holds everything in control and your work is to trust and obey to what he is saying

__A__ - most of your worries and anxieties God has already have remedy you just need to go outside of your comfort zone look for the right person who will guide to the right place that God has prepared for you.
 - __Before you Ask God has an answer__ - His plans is absolute but it is up to us if we are willing to go on the process of becoming to fullfil the plans of God to our life. Trust the process do not circumvent it.
 - __He prepared our destiny__ - I believed that the absolute truth about he plan of God is he prepared us for greater purpose. We may have a different calling in life but nothing is more fullfiling than walking on the calling of God.

__R__ - I wanna have a strong conviction to know the my of calling and I may prepared my life to be a suitable for that calling.


__Random thoughts__
 _Luk 22:32  but I have prayed for you that your faith may not fail. And when you have turned again, strengthen your brothers.”_
 - As person who experienced failing in persevering in faith this is a personal message from the Lord. I may not be the most skilled or talented but I want strengthen others by taking my experiences into life lesson they will not fail also in their faith.