## as it is Written..

__S__ - _Luk 4:4  And Jesus answered him, “It is written, ‘Man shall not live by bread alone.’”_ 

__T__ - When Jesus tempted in the wilderness He fought satan not by using his autorithy directly that he is the Son of God. He used the written word ot fight for Satan's on him and he said it multiple times. after the last attempt Satan back off until an opportune time.

__A__ - The battle of tempting by satan is unending for us the children of God. You heard multiple times the verse saying resist devil and he will flee but most of the we saw ourself compromising on the temptation and begging for God to forgive us. If it is the first you have done it I think it is managable in terms on our side, don't get me wrong God never records our wrong doings but the most affected when the sin is recurring is ourself. either we feel ashamed of God or we fell the Grace of God.

__How we can win against temptation?__

- __Use the right weapon__ - The graetest weapon is non other than "Word" of God. In every situation and tribulatoion we can us it as our primary weapon.
- __Train to use the weapon__ - No matter how great your wepaon is if you don't know how to use it, it will be useless. Learn about your doctrine and it is not just the lesson you have learned from the church, but rather the foundation of the word of God in you.

__R__ - it is not easy to fight the temptation but there is a verse I want to embrace every time I am struggling while fighting for it.

_"Stay with GOD! Take heart. Don’t quit._
_I’ll say it again: Stay with GOD."_
__(Psalm 27:14, MSG)__



__Random Toughts__

_Luk 3:16  John answered them all, saying, “I baptize you with water, but he who is mightier than I is coming, the strap of whose sandals I am not worthy to untie. He will baptize you with the Holy Spirit and fire._
- I don't know what we can be called but I beleive that we need to feel the same weight as John the Baptist as he preparing the way of the Lord. We as post-believer Jesus gave us a great commission to prepare for the second coming and no one knows when it is but still we need to prepare. The things that you don't know the timing does not necessarily mean will not come. 

