## Selpker muna bago tender care.

__S__ - _Mark 11:17 And he was teaching them and saying to them, “Is it not written, ‘My house shall be called a house of prayer for all the nations’? But you have made it a den of robbers.”_

__T__ - This verse described how Jesus got mad when saw the disrepect of the people on the temple, they made it a den of robbers, a money trickster and just a place of personal interest instead of being a sacred place, place to encounter God or a place to worship

__A__ - Similarly Jesus will be mad at you when he that you are destroying yourself recklessly, remember that the bible says you are the temple of the Holy Spirit. Taking care of yourself is also a sign of repect to the Holy spirit who dwells in you. This is a reminder on yourself not just because you are saved you can whatever you want in your life. as the bible says in Galatians _'I have been crucified with Christ and I no longer live, but Christ lives in me...'_ You must be healthy, alive and well in order for you to do the commission left by Jesus.

A common area of life that you always need to be Healthy, alive and well.
- Spiritual - first and foremost.
- Physical - for the strength to do more.
- Intellectual - so will not rash any crucial decision.
- Social - so will have an opinion of other, since you not see speck of sawdust in your own eye. 
- Emotional - so you will be strong and corourageous for more battle of life.


__R__ - Selfcare is a lifetime commitment, God gave all the means to do this relentlessly. I pray that I can always take care of the areas that needs improvements so God can use me as a healthy, alive and well being for His own will. 





__Random Thoughts__

_Mar 11:25  And whenever you stand praying, forgive, if you have anything against anyone, so that your Father also who is in heaven may forgive you your trespasses.”_
- Jesus instructed His disciple to forgive when they stand in pray, we all knew that if we do not forgive God the father will not forgive us also. but I also think that God maybe saying learn to forgive as He forgives because that is one of his nature. God is a forgiving God and he wants us to be forgiving also we can look closer in the character of God.

_Mar 12:34  And when Jesus saw that he answered wisely, he said to him, “You are not far from the kingdom of God.” And after that no one dared to ask him any more questions._
- not because you can interpret wisely the word of God is you are already in the kingdom of God. It is more important to live the word than to interpret in wisely but the good news is you not FAR from the kingdom of God. :)










