## The Goal of Soul WINNING

__S__ - _Joh 4:42  They said to the woman, “It is no longer because of what you said that we believe, for we have heard for ourselves, and we know that this is indeed the Savior of the world.”_

__T__ - Blessed those people received the testimony of Jesus that time. When Jesus spoke to samarithan women she believed on him and bring the news to her village as her testimony that he might encountered the Messiah. Jesus Stayed with them in two days they all witness directly the testimony that woman is saying and they procliam to themself that Jesus is the Messiah because they encountered Him personally.

__A__ - We are all modern samarithan woman who experience a personal encounter with Jesus. When you recall your encounter moment with God you have said that you want also other people to experience what you have experience. Soul winning is not easy we cannot taken it lighty it requires us total surrender to God for He is our testimony not our achievements, success or talents.

 -__Maintain Your Testimony__ - Jesus knows that it is not easy to win people back to God that's why he said that we must carry our cross to follow him. paul also stated we no longer lives but Christ Lives in us. We will have a good testimony if peopl will see the christ-like image in our life. it is not easy with our human nature but we can do it by the grace of God that he gave to us. As the bible says his grace is suffucient to all of our needs. Live under grace(power) of God.

 - __Goal of Testimony__ - Our goal for testifying about Jesus is for to have people desire to encounter who we encounter. Do not stop winning peopl for Jesus until you see them have personal encounter with Him and they also doing the testifying about the goodness of God.

__R__ - . . . (personal prayer)


__Random Thougths__
_Joh 3:30  He must increase, but I must decrease.”_
 - In modern day we are greater than John because Christ lives in us and we should always remember that in everything we do the character of Christ must be increase than our own selfish flesh desire.
