## Make a room

__S__ - _Luk 12:20  But God said to him, ‘Fool! This night your soul is required of you, and the things you have prepared, whose will they be?  So is the one who lays up treasure for himself and is not rich toward God.”_

__T__ - A parable about the man who gave his time, energy and effort to store up his riches so he can live on the relax way of life but all of his efforts went in vain coz God ended his Life. I know that this verse is about the importance of storing richness in heaven more than here on earth.

__A__ - I just want to focus on the other lesson that I saw from this verse and that is when a person gave all his effort to have something he got he bemace too relax and complacent does not thingk anymore for he thinks he gain all that he need. Be careful for your success in life it may orginate the complacency  of improvement.

A person who stop improving is a person who stop living. we are called to live not exist, one of my belief in life is you can always do better than what you are currently doing.

  __Make a room for improvement__ 
   - _Generalization is procasination_ - When you are always the big picture and not paying attention on the smal detail you are setting yourself up for procastination.
   - _It's to make a Junk_ - Give your 100% on what you are doing and aiming for the best but sometimes before we get the best result we make alot of mistake and looks like junk product. If you done something so perfect on the first try you set yourself a limitation.
   - _Nothing you know you knew_ - Have a heart of a learner. Learning doesn't end so does the improvement for your potential and capabilities.

   
__R__ - . . .


__Random thouhts__

_Luk 11:34  Your eye is the lamp of your body. When your eye is healthy, your whole body is full of light, but when it is bad, your body is full of darkness._
 - keep your focus right. It is better to have right perspective than to have a right prospective.

 _Luk 12:34  For where your treasure is, there will your heart be also._
 - Be careful what you treasure for it can build or it can wreck you. In everything you put your heart to it will have a great impact in your life. Choose according to the will of God.