## Necessary thing

__S__ - _"Luk 10:41  But the Lord answered her, “Martha, Martha, you are anxious and troubled about many things but one thing is necessary. Mary has chosen the good portion, which will not be taken away from her."_

__T__ - Jesus did not devalue the service of Martha giving to Him. He illustrated that in all trouble and anxiousness that can encounter there is one thing necessary and that is to be with Him.

__A__ - Being a serious in doing and helping to advance the kingdom of God was never easy, we all read about that in the history and yet there are times that every time we felt trouble, disctacted by the person we are looking we think they are doing nothing but to cling to this life we get frustrated. Jesus reminding us the necessary in terms of serving him. 

Things need to consider when serving God so you will not burn out.

 - __Accept that you cannot do all things__ - there are life limitations that we cannot break, all things are possible for God but we as human have many life limitations and that limitations can push us to bring other people to be part of the great conquest you are doing for God.
 - __Rest well in time of your break__ - You will get the best result from the person that is not in the best shape. take a rest.
 - __Get busy improving__ - One of my favorite quotation I have is _"get too busy improving yourself, so you will not have time to critisize others."_ and I believe that is applicable to every christian doing their part to andvance the kingdom of God.
 - __Do it for God__ - Do not look for people appraisal look for God's approval.

__R__ - 'God love your presense more than you love his presence'

__Random Thoughts__

_Luk 9:20  Then he said to them, “But who do you say that I am?” And Peter answered, “The Christ of God.”_
- those people that no relationship with God may not sure who Jesus is but we accept Jesus as our Lord and saviour, He is expecting that we will know him more than a his name. We should know him by his nature,his character and we urge to be like him. We will not desire to be like Him if in the first place we have no idea who He is.

_Luk 10:20  Nevertheless, do not rejoice in this, that the spirits are subject to you, but rejoice that your names are written in heaven.”_
- The reward in heaven is more importantt than the sense of accomplishment here on earth.