## Seek knowledge to Teach
Reading guide (Acts 7-8)

__S__ - _Act 8:35  Then Philip opened his mouth, and beginning with this Scripture he told him the good news about Jesus._

__T__ - If Philip did explained to the eunuch the scripture it will be remained puzzled to his way if thinking. Philip told the eunuch the good news about Jesus and when they saw a water he baptized him immidiately. 

__A__ - As a minister of the worf in the modern generation we need to be knowledgable in the scripture not just about the good news but also in the other aspect of Christian life since we are leading people and disciple them. We cannot give what we don't have, we can't stop seeking the knowledge about our understanding about His must grow deeper and deeper everytime we seek him in our secret place. How will you grow your knowledge and understanding about the word of God?

 - __Set your time__ - You have to give a lot of time to learn, seek, pray and understand the word of God. You will not understand the word of God in your first but as you grow deeper because you set the right time in learnnig, you will see yourself growing in understanding of the word.

 - __Evaluate yourself__ - You can be a number one critic of yourself for your personal growth so the criticsm of other people will not affect you.

 - __Engage in others__ - No man is an island. You will grow immensly as you share your knowledge in othe, also when you listen to the people you know has more knowledge and understanding about the word.

 - __Keep investing__ - Keep investing in growing your knowledge about the word of God. Listen to podcast, read a book, attend serminar or conferences. Invest your time wisely when you know that it will add to your knowlege about go for it.

__R__ - As I have read post on facebook "The more you teach, the better you learn"
 I want share what I discover about God so I can learn deeper about him.


__Random thoughts__

_Act 7:60  And falling to his knees he cried out with a loud voice, “Lord, do not hold this sin against them.” And when he had said this, he fell asleep._
 - Even our last breath we need to forgive people whom sinned against us. This is one of the trait of the true disciple.