## POA mo to!
Reading guide (Acts 9-10)

__S__ - _Act 10:15  And the voice came to him again a second time, “What God has made clean, do not call common.”_

__T__ - God neglects no one, He showed to Peter that anyone God has made clean, do not call common. For he is a sovereign God you loved us in the midst of our sins, if God did not extend his grace to all peopl we would be able to worship him in spirit and in truth.

__A__ - Who are we to choose to whom we must share the word of God? Preaching the gospel is not bound in the status quo of sharer or people who will the Word of God, for it is not by your strength why people will be saved it is by the Grace of God. How we prepare ourself to share the word?

 - __Pray__ - (Acts 10:3 , 9) Sometimes we are the answer for someone prayer, we will not be aware of it if we ourselves do not pray.
 - __Obey__ - (Acts 10:19) Every voice in heart the Voice of the Holy spirit must be make a loudest noise so you will get up and obey to that voice, it is not easy to disthinguish because it will come from your relation to God. The more you are close to God, the Voice of the Holy Spirit making a loudest in your heart.
 - __Act on it__ (Acts 10:34) Open your mouth so the people may hear the good news about the goodness of God and He loved us.

__R__ - I wanna be used in a effective manner.

__random thoughts__
_Act 9:16  For I will show him how much he must suffer for the sake of my name.”_
 - Paul's suffering for the kingdom of God is permitted by God, he does not endure all the trials and suffering but it also build deeper understanding how the God work with unrevealing glory and in the end he confidently said "I have fought the good fight of Faith". Yes it is not easy but in the end of Paul's Journey He wrote mostly half of the new testament and he was used mightily by the whom he serve.


  _Act 10:9  The next day, as they were on their journey and approaching the city, Peter went up on the housetop about the sixth hour to pray._
   - When righteous people prayed same desire God answers it in a super natural way, it may seem impossible how it will be come into reality but always has a way beyond our comprehension and will leave us astounding by His presence.